{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Youth Smoking and Drug data.\
\
\
I have just recently stopped smoking and I have been rather drawn to this subject lately and I decided to do some research using data on it\'85 the dataset was obtained from https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/waqi786/youth-smoking-and-drug-dataset. \
\
The
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  
\f0 dataset provides a comprehensive overview of youth smoking and drug experimentation trends from 2020 to 2024. With approximately 10,000 records, it includes various demographic factors such as age groups, gender, socioeconomic status, and influences from family and peers. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Key Features:\
Age Groups: Covers a wide range from 10 to 80 years. Smoking Prevalence: Insights into the percentage of youth engaged in smoking. Drug Experimentation Rates: Tracks the prevalence of drug experimentation. Socioeconomic Influences: Understand how socioeconomic factors correlate with substance use. Peer and Family Influence: Investigate the impact of social circles and family support. Use this dataset to drive your research, analyze trends, and contribute to meaningful discussions on youth health and substance use prevention! 
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 This project aims to facilitate understanding and research into the patterns and factors influencing substance use among young individuals. By analyzing this dataset I can grasp the challenges facing youth today and devise strategies to promote healthier choices and reduce substance abuse.
\f1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}